samples: dect_phy: dect_shell: dect nr+ mac sample, new rssi_scan and rx command options (#18299)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

DECT NR+ samples
----------------

* :ref:`dect_shell_application` sample:

>   * A brief mac level sample on top of DECT PHY interface. New commands to create a periodic cluster beacon, scan for it, associate/disassociate a PT/client, and send data to a FT/beacon random access window. Note: this is just a sample/initials of a mac implementation and thus not a full MAC implementation and not fully compliant with dect nr+ mac spec (ETSI TS 103 636-4).
>   * dect rssi_scan: In addition to default high/low rssi_scan: option for MAC spec like rssi_scan: busy/possible/free subslot count based RSSI scan.
>   * dect rx: possibility to iterate all channels and to enable RX filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added:

    * A brief MAC-level sample on top of DECT PHY interface with new commands to create a periodic cluster beacon, scan for it, associate or disassociate a PT/client, and send data to a FT/beacon random access window.
      This is s not a full MAC implementation and not fully compliant with DECT NR+ MAC specification (ETSI TS 103 636-4).
  * ``dect rssi_scan``: in addition to the default high/low ``rssi_scan`` option. 
  * ``dect rx``: possibility to iterate all channels and to enable RX filter.
```
A bit too complex to my taste. Does this still work? You could also add a link to the ETSI spec (links.txt file).

DECT NR+ samples
----------------

* :ref:`dect_shell_application` sample:

  * Added:

>     * A brief MAC-level sample on top of DECT PHY interface with new commands to create a periodic cluster beacon, scan for it, associate or disassociate a PT/client, and send data to a FT/beacon random access window.

Reviewer 2: I would mention the added command name (`dect mac`) somewhere.

Author: added

      This is s not a full MAC implementation and not fully compliant with DECT NR+ MAC specification (`ETSI TS 103 636-4`_).
  * ``dect rssi_scan``: in addition to the default high/low ``rssi_scan`` option.

>   * ``dect rx``: possibility to iterate all channels and to enable RX filter.

Reviewer 3: These should probably be on the same level as the previous bullet.

>     * ``dect rx``: possibility to iterate all channels and to enable RX filter.

Author: Hmmh, the beef has got lost in somewhere between the changes. Good point.

Yes, rssi_scan and rx should be in updated section

>     * ``dect rx``: possibility to iterate all channels and to enable RX filter.

Author: @peknis , please, double check

DECT NR+ samples
----------------

* :ref:`dect_shell_application` sample:

  * Added:

>     * ``dect mac``: A brief MAC-level sample on top of DECT PHY interface with new commands to create a periodic cluster beacon, scan for it, associate or disassociate a PT/client, and send data to a FT/beacon random access window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The ``dect mac`` command.
      A brief MAC-level sample on top of DECT PHY interface with new commands to create a periodic cluster beacon, scan for it, associate or disassociate a PT/client, and send data to a FT/beacon random access window.
```

      This is not a full MAC implementation and not fully compliant with DECT NR+ MAC specification (`ETSI TS 103 636-4`_).

   * Updated:

>     * ``dect rssi_scan``: in addition to the default high/low ``rssi_scan``: option for busy/possible/free subslot count based RSSI scan.
>     * ``dect rx``: possibility to iterate all channels and to enable RX filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The ``dect rssi_scan`` command in addition to the default high/low ``rssi_scan``: option for busy/possible/free subslot count based RSSI scan.
    * The ``dect rx`` command that provides the possibility to iterate all channels and to enable RX filter.
```

DECT NR+ samples
----------------

* :ref:`dect_shell_application` sample:

  * Added:

    * The ``dect mac`` command.
      A brief MAC-level sample on top of DECT PHY interface with new commands to create a periodic cluster beacon, scan for it, associate or disassociate a PT/client, and send data to a FT/beacon random access window.
      This is not a full MAC implementation and not fully compliant with DECT NR+ MAC specification (`ETSI TS 103 636-4`_).

  * Updated:

>     * The ``dect rssi_scan`` command in addition to the default high/low ``rssi_scan`` command for busy/possible/free subslot count-based RSSI scan.

Reviewer 2: This sentence doesn't read nicely. The part that has been added is "busy/possible/free subslot count-based RSSI scan" to my knowledge.

See if this is better in your opinion:
```suggestion
    * The ``dect rssi_scan`` command with busy/possible/free subslot count-based RSSI scan in addition to the existing high/low RSSI scan.
```
Or maybe even leave out "in addition to..." part.

If not modifying otherwise "for" -> "with" in original sentence makes it clearer for me and I'd even question is "for" saying what we want to say but that's @peknis area to judge. Anyway, having the existing functionality mentioned first takes the focus on what's really the key thing added.

Reviewer: Agree with Tommi. Leave out the "in addition to the...". With those adjustment, the focus should be right on spot.

Author: left out as no thumb up from Pekka :-)

>     * The ``dect rssi_scan`` command in addition to the default high/low ``rssi_scan``: option for busy/possible/free subslot count based RSSI scan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The ``dect rssi_scan`` command in addition to the default high/low ``rssi_scan`` command for busy/possible/free subslot count-based RSSI scan.
```

DECT NR+ samples
----------------

* :ref:`dect_shell_application` sample:

>   * A brief mac level sample on top of dect_phy api. New commands to create a periodic cluster beacon, scan for it, associate/disassociate a PT/client, and send data to a FT/beacon random access window. Note: this is just a sample/initials of a mac implementation and thus not a full MAC implementation and not fully compliant with dect nr+ mac spec (ETSI TS 103 636-4).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  * A brief mac level sample on top of DECT PHY interface. New commands to create a periodic cluster beacon, scan for it, associate/disassociate a PT/client, and send data to a FT/beacon random access window. Note: this is just a sample/initials of a mac implementation and thus not a full MAC implementation and not fully compliant with dect nr+ mac spec (ETSI TS 103 636-4).
```
